Bug: 94862 Calico workaround (#4672)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/release-notes/2.2.0/index.md

Follow these steps to manually correct this issue:

1.  Update the ConfigMap as follows:

    ```yaml
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: v1
    data:
      custom-resources.yaml: |+
        # This section includes base Calico installation configuration.
        # For more information, see: https://docs.projectcalico.org/reference/installation/api
        apiVersion: operator.tigera.io/v1
        kind: Installation
        metadata:
          name: default
        spec:
          # Configures Calico networking.
          calicoNetwork:
            # Note: The ipPools section cannot be modified post-install.
            ipPools:
            - blockSize: 26
              cidr: 192.168.0.0/16
              encapsulation: IPIP
              natOutgoing: Enabled
              nodeSelector: all()
            bgp: Enabled
            nodeAddressAutodetectionV4:
              firstFound: true
          # FlexVolume path must be mounted under /opt on flatcar/coreos systems
          flexVolumePath: /opt/libexec/kubernetes/kubelet-plugins/volume/exec/
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:

>       name: calico-cni-installation-c3-0193d

Reviewer: Yes it needs to be based on the cluster name
```suggestion
      name: calico-cni-installation--$CLUSTER_NAME
```

    EOF
    ```

> 1.  Execute these commands: `kubectl edit configmap calico-cni-installation-c3-0193d` and update `spec.clusterSelector.matchLabels.konvoy.d2iq.io/osHint` to `konvoy.d2iq.io/osHint: flatcar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Execute these commands: `kubectl edit clusterresourceset calico-cni-installation-$CLUSTER_NAME` and update `spec.clusterSelector.matchLabels.konvoy.d2iq.io/osHint` to `konvoy.d2iq.io/osHint: flatcar`.
```

When upgrading DKP from v2.1.x to v2.2.x, the upgrade can fail due to insufficient space on the MinIO Disk. To avoid this issue, we recommend that you disable the `fluent-bit` Platform Application before upgrading. 

> ### Calico not updated during DKP upgrade

Reviewer 2: Should it get called out sooner that this is only on Flatcar?

```suggestion
### Calico not updated during DKP upgrades on Flatcar
```

> When upgrading a DKP cluster, after what seems to be a successful upgrade, the Calico service might not update as expected and, therefor, is still using the old image. The wrong CNI ClusterResourceSet is being generated and not accounting for Flatcar. This issue only impacts Calico, no other add-ons.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When upgrading a DKP cluster running on Flatcar OS, you may find that after the upgrade the Calico services were not updated.  This occurs because the upgrade procedure is not correctly updating the Flatcar specific CNI ClusterResourceSet(CRS).  This issue only impacts the Calico CRS.
```

Follow these steps to manually correct this issue:

1.  Update the ConfigMap as follows:

    ```
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: v1
    data:
      custom-resources.yaml: |+
        # This section includes base Calico installation configuration.
        # For more information, see: https://docs.projectcalico.org/reference/installation/api
        apiVersion: operator.tigera.io/v1
        kind: Installation
        metadata:
          name: default
        spec:
          # Configures Calico networking.
          calicoNetwork:
            # Note: The ipPools section cannot be modified post-install.
            ipPools:
            - blockSize: 26
              cidr: 192.168.0.0/16
              encapsulation: IPIP
              natOutgoing: Enabled
              nodeSelector: all()
            bgp: Enabled
            nodeAddressAutodetectionV4:
              firstFound: true
          # FlexVolume path must be mounted under /opt on flatcar/coreos systems
          flexVolumePath: /opt/libexec/kubernetes/kubelet-plugins/volume/exec/
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:

>       name: calico-cni-installation-c3-0193d

Reviewer 3: @msdolbey, @dkoshkin  aren't these names going to be cluster specific?  I think we would need more commands or suggestions on how to find the right CM....

Reviewer 2: So, I think we're making this configmap right here, I'm not sure how this configmap talks to whatever it needs to talk to yet - that already may be figured out?

    EOF
    ```

> 1.  Execute these commands: `kubectl edit calico-cni-installation-c3-0193d` and update `spec.clusterSelector.matchLabels.konvoy.d2iq.io/osHint` to `konvoy.d2iq.io/osHint: flatcar`

Reviewer 3: @dkoshkin  - isn't this command missing the resource?  like 'kubectl edit deployment ...'???
